A 71-year-old, 81 kg man with a history of atrial fibrillation had surgical repair of a traumatic hip fracture yesterday. He is currently in the orthopedic ward. His hemoglobin is 
A 61-year-old, 76 kg female with a history of major depressive disorder, tobacco abuse, and alcohol abuse complicated by varices is transferred from an outside hospital for management of an upper gastrointestinal bleed. Her hemoglobin on admission is
A 59-year-old 89 kg female with a history of obesity, hypertension, and arthritis is in the ICU following resection of an appendiceal neuroendocrine tumor. Her hemoglobin is 
A 7-year-old male with a history of atopy currently in the ICU with status asthmaticus. His hemoglobin is
A 46-year-old, 57 kg male with a history of intravenous drug abuse, and food insecurity who is in the cardiac surgical ward after a mitral valve replacement. His hemoglobin is
A 23-year-old G1P1 woman with no significant past medical history had vaginal delivery of a healthy girl 17 hours ago. Her estimated blood loss during delivery was 1300 mL. Her hemoglobin is 
A 62-year-old, 81 kg female with a history of hypertension, tobacco abuse, dysmenorrhea, and prior aortic value replacement is undergoing redo aortic valve replacement. After separation from cardiopulmonary bypass and stabilization, her hemoglobin is
A 31-year-old, 68 kg female with a history of systemic lupus erythematosus is currently in the ICU with influenza pneumonia complicated by ARDS. Her hemoglobin is
A 53-year-old, 77 kg male with a history of tobacco abuse and diverticulosis is admitted with ST-segment myocardial infarction. On admission, his hemoglobin is 
A 19-year-old, 67 kg male with no significant prior history was admitted 7 days ago with 34% total body surface are burns after an accident. His hemoglobin is 
A 63-year-old 61 kg female with a history of endometriosis and arthritis is currently inpatient while undergoing allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant for high-risk acute myeloid leukemia. Her hemoglobin is
